Kindness and compassion are
the most important things?
The most important thing is discipline.
What more is there to say to
a commoner who fails to uphold that?
Alicia
The most important thing is discipline. What more is there to say to a commoner who fails to uphold that?
This is Alicia.
Alicia
I've had enough of your lip service.
She's the villainess in
my favorite otome game.
She's an evil girl who torments the heroine,
but I admired her fortitude
and sympathized with her
ruthless verbal abuse.
I just can't bring myself to
like the heroine, after all.
The Magic Academy is for nobles only,
but they made an exception for her,
even though she's a commoner.
She's a goody-two-shoes who's
always spouting lip service.
She uses her innocent, angelic smile
to toy with the prince's emotions.
My friends all say they'd want to be the
heroine so everyone would love them,
but personally, if I could be reborn,
I've had enough of your lip service.
I'd much rather be the villainess!
Everyone knows hard work is never rewarded.
Hard work only gives you
a little more confidence.
And... I just now remembered
having those thoughts.
My name is Alicia, and I'm seven years old.
I'm the eldest daughter of the
high-ranking Williams family.
My kind brothers are the
conquerable routes in the game.
Up until yesterday, I didn't even question it,
Albert
It's a big school, after all. Don't worry.
I'll show you the way to the building.
but this is definitely
the world of that game.
So in other words...
I've reincarnated as the villainess!
I can't pass up this opportunity!
I'll work hard to be the greatest
villainess in the world—
no, I'll become a villainess
who goes down in history!
The Villainess and Working Out
It was blooming just last night...
No matter. My healing magic can—
Good morning, Mother, Rose!
G-Good morning...
She's actually up early?
She even greeted us...
Farewell to the undisciplined
child I was yesterday!
I can't waste time if I want to be a
villainess who goes down in history!
And the first step is...
Brother Albert!
Ali? It's unusual to see you up so early.
Please teach me how to use a sword, too!
Huh?
What brought this on?
I want to get stronger!
Liar.
It's just a whim,
like everything else you ask for.
It is not, Brother Henry!
You're still Alicia, after all.
Not you too, Brother Alan!
Now, now...
I'll teach you. But...
You need to build up strength
in order to wield a sword.
You'll do 100 sit-ups a day,
as well as 50 push-ups.
When you can keep that up
for a week, I'll teach you.
Okay!
I doubt you'll be able to, though.
Please don't make light of me!
Look forward to next week!
I'll do my strength
training in the evening...
and start by studying magic.
Magic exists in this world.
Only nobles possess the mana
that enables the use of magic.
There are several magic attributes,
and the most basic ones are...
dark, fire, light, wind, and water.
The nobles who excel
in these top five attributes
are known as the Five Great Noble Families.
They serve the king directly and
function as the pillars of the kingdom.
The Williams family, which excels
in dark magic, is one of them.
But even if I was blessed
with natural talent,
I can't master any magic without training.
Could it be that it's too early
for me to start studying magic?
There isn't a single book on magic!
Is this place just so big
that I can't find them?
For today, I'll just read
some books about plants.
I need to be educated
on more than just magic!
Herbs for bringing down a fever...
Flowers that glow...
Flying trees?!
It's already so late!
I got too absorbed in reading
about all these things
that didn't exist in my old world.
I can't believe I read all these in one day.
Is Alicia actually incredibly gifted?
I have such a promising future!
Forty... eight...
Forty... nine...
Fifty...
This is so hard!
Alicia's so weak! She has no muscle at all!
But this is all for the sake of my ambition.
Forty-eight... forty-nine...
Fifty!
It was so hard yesterday,
but I did it with no problem today.
Well, that's fine. After breakfast,
I'll head to the library
and continue my reading!
So, after seven days of
reading and training...
I made a phenomenal amount of progress!
If I can do 500 sit-ups
and 300 push-ups, Brother Albert
should have no reason to complain.
Alicia, what's come over you of late?
You've been waking up so early.
Nothing at all, Father.
Where have you been going during the day?
You always just lazed around
in your room before.
That's a secret!
I'm definitely giving off the vibe
that I'm plotting something, right?
I really am a villain!
And it's not like they'd believe me if
I told them I recalled my previous life.
Come to think of it, Albert,
you're going out today, aren't you?
Yes. Paul is taking us all on
a tour of the Magic Academy.
Time truly flies.
You're twelve already.
Another three years,
and you'll be enrolling.
Which means my sword training will
have to wait until he comes home.
Are you ready?
Yeah!
They're the conquerable routes in the game!
Master Eric of the Hudson family.
He uses fire magic.
Master Finn of the Smith family.
He uses light magic.
Master Gale of the Evans family.
He uses wind magic.
Master Curtis of the Kenwood family.
He uses green magic.
He's not from any of the
Five Great Noble Families.
And...
The king's only son, Prince Duke Seeker.
He uses water magic.
He ends up with the heroine
in the game's good ending.
He's actually the one I'm most into...
but I'll leave the romance to the heroine.
I need an early start at making
an impression as a villainess!
Ali.
This is your first time
meeting these guys, isn't it?
Wait, this is your little sister?
What a cutie!
She's seven, right? She's so little.
They all have way above average looks...
But this is a crucial moment!
The world's greatest villainess can't
be seen as a child with no manners.
My name is Alicia.
She's not quite like her
brothers made her seem.
For one so young,
she's really got it together.
You and Alan were going to show us
your skills with the sword, right?
Y-Yes, by all means!
If you're doing sword practice,
please teach me, too!
You promised to start
teaching me today, remember?
I said I'd only do it if you could do all
those sit-ups and push-ups every day.
But I did!
Yeah, sure.
Alan, let's start with you.
He doesn't believe me! In that case...
Alicia?!
Please work!
I believe I told you not to make light of me.
You're... serious?
Of course I am.
All right.
Thank you so much!
I'll go change right away!
I'll Become a Villainess
Who Goes Down in History
Alicia! Eight years old! Super cu—
I'll Become a Villainess
Who Goes Down in History
There's so much I need to be careful of...
A year after my brother started
teaching me how to use a sword...
I'm still just doing
practice swings every day.
He says training is useless if I can't
hold a sword for several hours at a time.
If I wasn't trying to become the
world's greatest villainess,
I'd be sick of this by now.
And over this past year...
Prince Duke has been visiting
our house frequently...
At least, it seems that way.
Finished for the day?
N-No, I'm just taking a break.
This is the first time he's spoken to me.
Why work so hard to learn swordsmanship?
A vil—
Vil...?
A villainously powerful grip!
That's what I want!
Well, I look forward to that.
Du—
Sorry for interrupting you.
Say, Duke...
Why have you been
coming over so frequently?
I thought it was for the books, but...
Could it be that...
I wonder why.
I also wish I knew.
Next, regarding the village of Loana...
Living conditions have degraded more and
more every year, leaving it uninhabitable.
But if we are too hasty in sending
aid, the people will be displeased.
It's a village of criminals, after all.
Shouldn't the Golden Rose
be our first priority?
Our kingdom, and our people, do need hope.
Your Majesty, we of the
Five Great Noble Families
feel that a break is in order.
Let us do that.
Arnold, Finn has said he would like
to invite Miss Alicia to our house.
Yes, so I've heard.
I've told her to avoid causing any trouble.
My son, Eric, told me that
she's a very polite girl.
Gale has said the same.
She used to be much more selfish.
About a year ago, she suddenly started
spending much of her time in the library.
I still don't understand why.
Ah...
Alicia! Thanks for coming over!
Thank you for the invitation.
Let's have a tea party
in the garden out back.
Okay!
Master Albert, the king
is due to visit today.
We have other guests over today, though.
Heya.
Hello!
What? Why are they all here together?
He hasn't arrived yet?
He should be here soon.
A map?
At the end of the game,
Alicia is exiled to a foreign country.
Are we already at the ending?!
That was quick! This story moved too fast!
The king? Why is he here?
I hope the day finds you well, Your Majesty.
Raise your head.
I've heard about you,
and I wanted to speak with you.
That's why I stopped by.
Now, Alicia, If I may get
right to the point...
How do you feel about this position
our Kingdom of Durkis is in?
I don't get the point of his question!
He's talking politics with an eight-year-old?
Is this some kind of test?
I get it now!
It's a villainess test!
God has set this task to determine
whether I can be a great villainess!
So the answer has to be...
If I may say so, while the
Kingdom of Durkis is a major power,
I cannot call it a good nation.
How's that?
I'm the textbook villainess, right?
We may have a strong economy,
the majority of the money
lies with the nobility,
creating a serious wealth gap.
In Loana, a village on the outskirts,
life is so difficult that many don't know
if they can afford bread for tomorrow.
Discontent toward the
nobility grows ever greater.
An uprising could break out at any time.
So we need to improve our economic strength?
Then tell me how you would fix it.
He expects that much from me?
But a true villainess would...
Why not take advantage of our neighbor,
Calvera, and its gold mines?
Calvera is ruled by Laval.
You think we should take it from them?
No, we should fund Calvera's independence.
It would be best to avoid
conflict with Laval.
We maintain our relationship on the surface
while trading with Calvera, and...
Yes. We make them owe us a debt.
And once they've gained independence,
we'll have an advantage in trading with them.
So we build a relationship with
Calvera that gives us superiority,
and make a profit by trading with them?
I see.
Using others in order to make a profit
is something that goody-two-shoes
heroine would never do.
If I keep this up, I'll come into
conflict with the heroine eventually.
I'm now on track to become
the greatest villainess ever!
Alicia, it has been delightful
to speak with you today.
You honor me.
Were you nervous?
N-No.
Really?
He really is quite attractive...
That was truly intriguing.
I'm glad to hear that.
Forgive me, but there's a matter
I would like us all to discuss.
The Golden Rose has been found.
All right.
So, you must be tired now, right?
You can eat as much as you'd like!
No way!
These are all my favorite desserts!
I gratefully accept!
Delicious!
They used to call him the "Ice Prince."
I guess an unexpected
spring breeze came along.
Alicia.
Yes?
Do you have a moment?
This is for you.
I'm a bit late, but... happy birthday.
Thank you!
May I open it?
Of course.
U-Um... what is it?
A diamond. Does it displease you?
C-Certainly not! I will treasure it!
Good. I'm glad.
Well, I'll be going now.
All right...
Goodbye.
D-Diamonds are far more valuable in this
world than they were in my old world!
Why? Why did he give me this?
There's no question. It is the Golden Rose.
Who is its owner?
A baker in the castle town.
What?!
When his only daughter was born,
this unusual rose bloomed, so he kept it.
Then that daughter is... the Saint.
The girl who will join the kingdom's ruler
to guide the people to
peace and save the world.
When one who will control
the kingdom's fate is born,
a special rose blooms.
This was proven when
the Blue Rose bloomed.
It seems safe to assume the gold
color is reserved for the Saint.
Yes, now we have the ones who govern
the Blue Rose and the Golden Rose.
Duke, for whom the Blue Rose bloomed,
and the girl for whom
the Golden Rose bloomed.
With the two of them leading the way,
this kingdom is certain to flourish.
But such a transformation
always comes at a price.
And the bigger the transformation...
Troubled times most certainly await.
Your Majesty, the legend
of the Saint tells us
that when the Saint unites with a
member of the ruling royal family...
We must accept our fate.
This isn't bad at all!
It's on the small side,
so it doesn't get in my way!
Even if Duke falls for the heroine
one day and demands its return,
I'm not giving it back!
I'll look him dead in the eye and
refuse, like a true villainess!
Just you wait, world!
The debut of the villainess who goes
down in history is coming soon!